README.md, before:

# Algebra Cryptography!

This is repository contains code used in Cryptography course practice labs on Algebra university course.

## Lab 03

Fixing some given python file and make it work.

## Lab 04

Manipulating strings and decoding white-space encoded message "this is my string"

## Lab 05

Python script that can take up to three arguments (string and two numbers) and based on them it need to perform:

 - Reverse string
 - Reverse string by 2 letters
 - Reverse string by 3 letters
 - Cesar cipher
 - Cesar Box cipher

## Lab 06

Divided into two parts - first one takes some broken python file and need to make it work and second one needs to implement this fix and use it to generate **One-time pad** encryption and decryption.

## Lab 07

Menu based on given task and to perform hashing of:

 - String
 - File
 - Directory
	 - Recursive
	 - Non recursive
Library that we will be using is [https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html](https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html)

## Lab 08

Simple menu and digital signatures for:

 - File
 - Directory
	 - Recursive
	 - Non recursive
	 
Library that we will be using is [https://pycryptodome.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html](https://pycryptodome.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

Commit message:

modified project files and readme

README.md, after:

# Algebra Cryptography!

This is repository contains code used in Cryptography course practice labs on Algebra university course.

Project is built with PyCharm and using Python 3.73 default system interpreter

Each Lab can use some dependency library that must be installed in order to work

## Lab 03

Fixing some given python file and make it work.

## Lab 04

Manipulating strings and decoding white-space encoded message "this is my string"

Dependancies:

[caesarcipher](https://pypi.org/project/caesarcipher/)

Install dependencies:

`
pip install caesarcipher
`

## Lab 05

Python script that can take up to three arguments (string and two numbers) and based on them it need to perform:

 - Reverse string
 - Reverse string by 2 letters
 - Reverse string by 3 letters
 - Cesar cipher
 - Cesar Box cipher

## Lab 06

Divided into two parts - first one takes some broken python file and need to make it work and second one needs to implement this fix and use it to generate **One-time pad** encryption and decryption.

## Lab 07

Menu based on given task and to perform hashing of:

 - String
 - File
 - Directory
	 - Recursive
	 - Non recursive
	 

## Lab 08

Simple menu and digital signatures for:

 - File
 - Directory
	 - Recursive
	 - Non recursive
	 
Dependancies:

[PyCryptodome](https://pycryptodome.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

Install dependencies:

`
pip install pycryptodomex
`
